Story Recapped here.
Today, I'm going to explain a sci-fi and fantasy
show called "Love, Death & Robots: Ice Age.”
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care.
A young couple moves into their new apartment.
As Rob, the husband, brings a few boxes up
into the place, his wife, Gail, tells him
about a funky old refrigerator in the corner
that the landlord left behind.
Rob finds it fascinating, noting how the motor
is above instead of underneath like refrigerators
these days.
Since hot air rises, he comments that it doesn’t
make sense to put the motor underneath, allowing
the hot air it produces to go up the refrigerator.
However, Gail barely pays attention, and she
simply agrees to the things Rob says.
She then brings out a bottle of wine and asks
her husband if he wants to drink.
Rob gets excited and opens the old fridge
to get some ice.
However, the freezer is bulked up with frost,
but he still manages to get a little cube
of ice.
The couple then makes a short toast to their
new life together.
Before Rob could take a sip of his drink,
he notices something inside the ice.
He takes it out of the glass and shows it
to Gail, asking her to confirm what’s inside
the ice cube.
Gail looks closer and becomes just as surprised
as her husband.
Wanting to confirm what she saw, Gail grabs
a magnifying glass to inspect the ice cube
closely.
Surprisingly, inside it is a miniature mammoth
with spears in its body.
Gail wonders if there are more of these things
in the freezer, so she opens it.
She quickly takes out the junk inside and
gets shocked by what she sees.
With this, Rob takes a peek and comments there's
a lost civilization in their refrigerator.
True enough, the freezer contains a miniature,
working medieval city.
Everything inside moves so fast, with the
little people going through their day normally,
unaffected by the two giants hovering near
their city.
In disbelief, Gail claims that what’s happening
doesn’t make sense, and Rob agrees.
She then clarifies that they're seeing an
early medieval city when woolly mammoths died
out sometime in the late Neolithic period.
Rob shrugs it off and simply agrees with his
wife to hide his ignorance.
Later on, Rob buries the frozen mammoth in
a pot of dirt.
Rob seems sad about it, so Gail lightens up
the mood and says that it'll probably make
for a good fertilizer.
Curiosity takes over, and the two check the
freezer again.
To their surprise, everything has changed
drastically.
What used to be a medieval city is now a modernized
place during the Industrial Revolution.
Factories and railroads are built, covering
the freezer’s sky with smoke.
The couple notes that they’ve only been
gone for ten minutes, but decades have already
gone by for the miniature people.
With this, Gail theorizes that time moves
differently inside the freezer.
As they witness the Industrial Revolution
at great speed, Rob is disappointed that they
missed the Renaissance period.
He notices two miniature men sitting by a
building under construction and wonders if
the people perceive them as gods.
However, the men are actually making fun of
them, seeing them as weird faces in the sky
that are staring at the city.
One man even comments that he's tired of seeing
the broccoli that's stuck in Gail's teeth.
Seconds later, modernized buildings are erected.
Rob notices things flying around, and Gail
identifies them as airplanes.
As more skyscrapers are built, Gail believes
that the miniature people have reached the
present time.
Rob confirms this when he sees a Starbucks
store and comments that the cafe really pops
out everywhere.
Just then, he notices something weird, so
he takes a closer look.
Suddenly, a missile falls into the middle
of the city and explodes.
The explosion blinds Rob, making him back
away and fall onto the floor.
Gail helps him up and tells him to calm down,
but Rob panics, exclaiming that tactical nukes
are exploding in their freezer.
However, Rob's face is as red as a tomato,
and Gail could barely keep a straight face.
As the freezer explodes with huge nuclear
bombs, Gail hands a shiny toaster to her husband,
letting him see how the heat from the explosion
caused his face to glow red.
Rob groans, but then he notices that the situation
in the freezer just became worse.
The couple stares at it as they hear screams,
gunshots, and explosions.
With this, Gail closes the freezer and says
that the people can't possibly outgrow war
in a couple of minutes.
Hearing this, Rob asks what they should do,
and Gail responds that they should order pizza.
Later that night, the couple has pizza for
dinner while they wait for the situation to
die down.
An hour has passed, and Rob recommends that
they should check out the freezer.
He hopes that the miniature people had a chance
to rebuild their city, but Gail gently tells
him that they need to embrace the possibility
that they didn't make it.
Still, Rob goes to the freezer and opens it
anyway.
To their surprise, the freezer glows with
luminous cities and flying cars.
Gail claims that it looks like the Emerald
City, but with less emerald and more futuristic
devices.
The sight of this makes Rob ecstatic, marveling
at how beautiful everything is.
Suddenly, a building emerges right in front
of them, and Rob jokes that it looks like
an adult toy.
Just then, everything escalates, and a massive
pyramid appears in the middle of the futuristic
city.
It glows brightly and consumes power from
the bridges attached to it.
Eventually, it turns into a diamond-shaped
fortress and consumes the whole city until
it bursts into a ball of energy.
The majestic energy explodes like a star,
and streaks of light begin to zoom around
Rob and Gail's kitchen, filling their apartment
with light.
The wondrous light fascinates them both.
During this period, it seems like the miniature
people have figured out the secrets to time
and space travel.
After this, the streaks of light return to
the freezer, gather into a sphere, and disappear.
This wipes out the smiles on Rob's and Gail's
faces, confused at what they just witnessed.
Rob wonders if the miniature people will ever
return, but Gail thinks it's unlikely.
Because of this, Rob mournfully pulls the
refrigerator's plug as if he’s accepting
that those tiny people will never return.
Knowing that Rob has grown fond of the miniature
people, Gail hugs him in comfort.
She then closes the freezer, deciding to call
it a day.
The next day, Rob pours their cups of coffee
and hands one to Gail.
Without saying a word to each other, both
wonder about the miniature civilization in
their freezer.
With the slightest bit of hope that the miniature
people are still alive, they open the freezer
again to find cold mist pouring out despite
it being unplugged.
Inside, they witness another ice age where
primitive sapiens consume the carcass of a
mighty brachiosaurus.
It seems like life in the freezer has restarted,
and it has now returned to the age of the
dinosaurs.
Just then, a roar alerts the sapiens of the
arriving Tyrannosaurus-Rex.
The sapiens run as one is caught between the
dinosaur’s teeth.
The last sapiens tumbles with the T-Rex closing
in, lunging for the kill.
Many claims that the freezer is like a "pocket
universe" that shows how life evolves to the
point of leaving reality.
Some may think that the freezer showed the
end of their world, but it could also mean
that the miniature humans found a different
dimension to live in.
It’s uncertain how many times this process
of life occurred in the old freezer or if
it always plays out the same way.
The previous owners may have seen life bloom
and die repeatedly, eventually getting bored
of it, thus leaving the extraordinary freezer
behind.
Although the show never revealed who created
life inside the freezer, an episode titled
"God: Serengeti" by Oats Studios might just
suggest who did.
A herd of elephants travels across a field,
but their field is on a table in the middle
of a mysterious man’s study.
The old man doesn’t pay attention to this,
as he’s busy reading a book.
His butler, Geoffrey, asks how the book is,
and the man comments that it’s too technical,
adding that he prefers chaos.
Still, he likes a recipe for a black hole
from the book.
He turns his attention to the little beings
in his pocket world and laughs at a miniature
man who’s rubbing two sticks together.
Suddenly, the Homosapien discovers how to
make fire, and the old man is enraged.
He complains that he didn’t say those people
could do such a thing because he’s supposed
to give fire.
Geoffrey notes that the current time period
is over 200,000 years before they’re supposed
to give them fire.
Because of this, the old man orders Geoffrey
to put the fire out, so the butler blows onto
the table, creating the wind that snuffs out
the flames.
Still, the old man is pissed, so he tells
Geoffrey to put them back into their caves.
The butler obeys, so he triggers the elephants
to stampede towards the humans, forcing them
to hide.
After it’s done, the old man is still annoyed
at what just happened, so he plans to shrink
the brains of the tiny beings to prevent them
from making their own choices.
Not long after, the homo-sapiens exit the
cave again to perform a rain dance.
Geoffrey reminds him that they haven’t turned
off the drought, so the old man orders him
to spray some water on the parched little
things.
Geoffrey happily obliges and sprays water
over the table, causing it to rain on the
field.
He comments that their God is merciful as
the homo-sapiens rejoice.
The old man giggles at the sight of their
excitement, so he orders his trusty butler
to spray more water.
As Geoffrey does so, new plants begin to sprout
from the little field.
Finally, he's had enough of this fun, and
the old man tells Geoffrey to release the
plague.
The butler hesitates, but the old man is adamant
about ending this little game.
With no choice, Geoffrey opens an antique
box and takes a fancy bottle from it.
With furrowed brows, Geoffrey sprays this
over the homo-sapiens, and one by one, the
people collapse as they take their final breaths.
The old man simply watches this from over
his book before continuing with his reading.
This story about creation depicts God as both
merciful and unforgiving.
While he provides water for the thirsty beings
on his table, he also takes their lives in
a snap once he’s tired of watching them.
Both Love, Death, and Robots: Ice Age and
God: Serengeti present their own versions
of god-like beings.
Rob and Gail watch life grow and die without
intervention but with sympathy for the civilizations
they witness.
In contrast, the other presents a more involved
God who’s apathetic to the lives on his
table, treating them as entertainment that
he can simply turn off.